hey whats up guys the sugar lady skills
and yeah I must start my intro like that
from now on because i usually don't
introduce myself i'm a like hey what's
up guys and then I just got straight
into it so in case you didn't know his
be a girl lady skills now but guys as
you can see i left my baby I left my
dealing with the camera I'm sorry i'm
sorry i'm in love with the dragon camo
and a lot of people say that it's ugly
how dare you how dare you get em out
camo mondragon camera how dare you yeah
i'm ranting about a camo now but i
bought the dragon camera aboard on
sidewalk mo ba the dragon is my favorite
camera so you're gonna see a lot of my
latest game plays with the dragon camera
and the end because the end is my
favorite but in this game play as you
can see I'm using the vector back back
dog and with the Dragons sexy camo and I
want them I went 59 and three more
schools I think I believe yeah just
something different my c for sandwiches
and my EMP get in my level cuz you way
down there you way down there you're not
at my level you way down here you gotta
you gotta climb up my man you got a
crime to my level and this is pretty
hard now but guys I want to talk about
what happens to me cuz that's what I do
i do commentaries complaining about
blackouts to know but lately i've been
enjoying black ops 2 believe it or not I
don't waste like I used to before I
really don't like there's still be as
that happens to me I just hate dying by
snipers and shotguns it's really not
like fake deaths snipers and shotguns
just still piss me off when I die by
them but I don't wait so rage moments
videos I don't think imma make that much
unless i play with people who rage and i
really don't
lately I've been on a road so much
applause 100 + + 200 plus which scratch
off 200 plus because if I can barely
make a hundred plus imagine 200 plus I
have a gameplay that I went 95 + 1 in 6
p-6 domination which i'm going to show
you guys that and i thought i was gonna
get down into your clothes but i did a
stupid move but i'm not gonna talk about
that game because i'm just mess up the
comments heavy for that one so that's
the closest I've got some on your plots
and yeah it's real frustrating because I
watched when I'm not supposed to and I
just make stupid decisions at the wrong
time me I don't know is that's why it's
hard for me and I don't think it's hard
to get a hundred plus the decisions I'd
be making is stupid but lately they've
been throwing me matches when I place so
long and I hate that like don't throw me
in a match I hate it so much my win-loss
ratio goes down because the time like
I'm gonna start dashboarding every time
they throw me in sessions I swear to God
because they do it all the time I don't
understand why they do that that's what
pisses me off about this game lately it
just throws me and matches losing
matches on top of that when my team
don't have thumbs late you want my toe
as a thumb Monica because that's better
than what you got you don't know how to
use your thumbs to play the game got it
it pisses me off that I can moves on my
team it really does but let me know if
you get thrown in matches I know it
happens to a lot of people and I cannot
stand it I hope you guys enjoy thanks
for watching bye